feat/new product overview pages (#646)
hirosystems/docs: docs/ordinals-explorer/index.mdx

---
# The default id is the same as the one defined below. so not needed
title: Ordinals Explorer Overview
sidebar_label: Overview
custom_edit_url: null
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<p class="p-3 rounded-lg bg-neutral-100 text-neutral-500 dark:bg-neutral-800 dark:text-neutral-400">Explore and verify ordinals and BRC-20 data on Bitcoin.</p>

<div class="mb-10"></div>

The Ordinals Explorer lets you explore and verify Bitcoin Ordinals and BRC-20 token data. You can also use a variety of filters to discover inscriptions. We maintain and support the [Ordinals Explorer](https://ordinals.hiro.so) as a service for the community, but you can also run your own instance of the explorer if you so choose.

> [View Ordinals Explorer](https://ordinals.hiro.so)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="flex justify-start my-8">
  <a href="https://ordinals.hiro.so" class="pr-3">
    View Ordinals Explorer <span classNam="ml-1 no-underline">→</span>
  </a>
</div>
```

> [Spin up your own Explorer](./getting-started.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Related Tools

**[Ordinals API](../ordinals-api/index.mdx)**: Looking for on-chain data without the front end? Leverage the Ordinals API.

**[Stacks Explorer](../explorer/index.mdx)**: Want to build an explorer for the Stacks blockchain?

---

> Need help building with the Ordinals Explorer? Reach out to us on the `#ordinals` channel on Discord under Hiro Developer Tools section. We also host a weekly office hours on Discord every Monday at 11am ET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help building with the Ordinals Explorer? Reach out to us on the `#ordinals` channel on Discord under the [Hiro Developer Tools section](https://stacks.chat/). There’s also a [weekly office hours](https://events.stacks.co/event/HD16484710) on Discord every Thursday at 11am ET.
```
